Hello and welcome to our complete javascript course.
My name is Lawrence and I'm so excited to have the opportunity to present this course to you today.
This course is packed full of amazing examples to get you.
Coding javascript it's all about javascript.
We're going to be taking you from the very basic fundamental core concepts of javascript.
Building upon those concepts and showing you how to work with javascript and really illustrating the
power of javascript.
We've included a lot of exercises starter projects and samples examples within this course so that you
can get started coding quickly and I do encourage you to open up your editor and try it out for yourself
and see we can make happen with javascript.
Javascript is easy to get started with and it's also a lot of fun making things happen within your web
pages and creating that interaction and dynamic content as what javascript is all about.
This first section is all about the basics of javascript.
We're going to be showing you how to get started with javascript how to add it into your own web pages
and how to write your very first Javascript code.
So even if you've never written any javascript before this course is going to be perfect to get you
started and this sections can introduce you to all the fundamental core concepts of javascript and don't
forget help is not far away.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the Q and A section of this course.
I'm always happy to have the opportunity in order to help you out.
Also to clarify and answer any questions that you may have creating discussions around the course topics
and content.
I know you are excited to get started.
So the next lesson.
Let's jump right in and start creating some javascript code.